=head1 NAME

API - Summary of the URI API

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=over 4

=item  /

=item /admin

=item /admin/C<$iface>

=item /admin/C<$iface>/commit

=item /admin/C<$iface>/docs

=item /admin/C<$iface>/docs/$docfile

=item /admin/C<$iface>/finish/$contributor/$directory

=item /admin/C<$iface>/ingest?cc=$contributor [file=$file_upload]

=item /admin/C<$iface>/login

=item /admin/C<$iface>/logout

=item /portal

=item /portal/C<$app>

=item /portal/C<$app>/C<$iface>

=item /portal/C<$app>/C<$iface>/search/$type[/$start]

=item /portal/C<$app>/C<$iface>/show/$key

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head2 General

=over 4

=item /

The master root/home page.

=back

=head2 Administrative Backend

All administrative functions other than I</admin/$iface/login> require a
valid login. If you are not logged in, you will be redirected to the login
page before being able to continue.

You can specify the I<username> and I<password> query parameters to automatically log in with the request. This is required when using a non-interactive interface (e.g. I<xml>).

=over4

=item /admin

B<UNIMPLEMENTED> The main administrative home page.

=item /admin/C<$iface>

The main administrative page for C<$iface>. B<UNIMPLEMENTED FOR XML>

=item /admin/C<$iface>/commit

Commit any outstanding changes to the Solr index.

=item /admin/C<$iface>/docs

Show the menu of avaibale POD files.

=item /admin/C<$iface>/docs/C<$docfile>

Display C<$docfile> which is the name of a POD file (minus the I<.pod> suffix) in the I<docs> directory.

=item /admin/I<$iface>/finish/C<$contributor>/C<$directory>

Removes the BagIt directory from the uploads area of the server.

=item /admin/C<$iface>/ingest?cc=C<$contributor> [file=C<$file_upload>]

Upload the BagIt archive I<$file_upload> to the server into the upload subdirectory for I<$contributor>.

=item /admin/C<$iface>/login

Log in to use the administrator interface.

=item /admin/C<$iface>/logout

Log out of an existing session.

=back

=head2 Portal Frontend

Public-facing portal options

=over4

=item /portal

B<UNIMPLEMENTED>

=item /portal/C<$app>

B<UNIMPLEMENTED>

=item /portal/C<$app>/C<$iface>

Portal home page.

=item /portal/$app/$iface/search/$type[/$start]

=item /portal/$app/$iface/show/$key

=item /portal/C<$app>/C<$iface>/file/C<$file>[?s=C<$size>&r=C<$rotation>]

=back

=cut
