=head1 CAP Configuration File

Application-specific configuration options for the I<cap.conf> file.

=head2 repository

Path to the digital image repository, relative to the application root.
This directory needs to be writeable by whatever user the web server runs
as.

=head2 uploads

Path to the directory where content to be ingested is uploaded, relative
to the application root. This directory must also be writeable by the web
server user.

=head2 profiles

Path to the directory, relative to the application root, where the
application profile XML files can be found. This directory must be
readable by the web server user (but should probably not be writeable),

=head2 page_root

Path to the directory, relative to the application root, where HTML files
retrieved by the I</page> method are located.

=head2 children_per_page

The number of child elements to display at a time. (Number of items
retrieved by a call to I<Solr::nchildren>.)

=head2 netpbm_path

The path (relative to the application root, or an absolute path) to where
the NetPBM programs can be found.

=head2 <MimeTypes>

A list of MIME types that the application knows how to handle.

=head2 <Solr>

Configuration for Solr.pm methods:

=head3 select_uri

URI to use for Solr select (search) requests.

=head3 update_uri

URI to use for Solr update requests.

=head3 utf8_encode

B<DEPRECATED?> This should not be required any longer, but if you are
getting UTF8 encoding problems, try setting this to a non-zero value.

=head3 <fields>

A list of field aliases mapping the supplied field name to the field name
to be searched. Multiple values can be supplied. For example:

=over 4

=item tx tx

=item tx tx_en

=item tx tx_fr

=back

would mean that a query for tx=foo would translate into the Solr query
I<((tx:foo) OR (tx_en:foo) OR (tx_fr:foo))>.
